c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll.config
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.dll
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
F:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll.config
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.dll
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
E:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll.config
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.dll
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.pdb
D:\StudentAppRecovered\StudentAppRecovered\obj\Debug\StudentAppRecovered.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
